[Music]
welcome to another episode of 7-minute
marketing with Pam my name is Pam dinner
I love sharing a little dose a b2b
digital content marketing and sales
enablement seven minutes at a time so
here's an interesting data point I want
to share with you b2b buyers spend just
17 percent of their time meeting with
potential suppliers while forty five
percent of your time is spending
research online and offline according to
Gartner and out of that forty five
percent twenty seven percent of that
forty-five percent is spent researching
online and eighteen percent is
researching offline with approximately
sixty two percent of a buyers time spent
on research and meeting with suppliers
here's my question why can marketers do
to help bias research and your sales
team there are plenty of things that
marketer can do but I want to talk about
two tactics that marketers can employ to
help buyers research effort and the wine
recommendation how they can support
their sales teams the two tactics are
search optimization and the content
marketing so let's think about how b2b
buyers do research obviously first of
all they type problem statements or
keywords into Google or other search
engines to get relevant links in the
content and they will generally click on
different links to view content and get
themselves educated so first and
foremost for marketers for us to
facilitate the buyers research is to
focus on search optimizations on our
websites and a create relevant content
for search optimization you need to
understand the list of the keywords and
a problem statement that buyers are
likely to type then make sure that you
seamlessly add them your website and the
content the keywords right here is
seamless don't force it and don't use
any kind of dark search trick you need
to really think through what your buyers
knees are have a clear understanding
buyers challenges as well as how your
products resolve those
challenges the prerequisite of a search
engine optimization are to have a deep
understanding of your buyers persona and
the way they search or research online
obviously keywords and challenges are
not only helpful for website and the
search optimization they are also
beneficial to determine what keywords to
buy if you run a search effort which is
search engine marketing search
optimization is tedious and tactical
work and never stops it's a very
specialized marketing discipline it's
super critical to create a solid digital
presence for my own website I allocate a
budget for continuous search
optimization especially I create content
on regular basis so website and the
search optimization is something that
you have to do and that you have to do
it on regular and timely basis it
doesn't stop now let's talk about
content for b2b buyers hunting is still
king when it comes to digital research
after search optimization of your
digital presence counting is an
important components for marketing
outreach the challenges of accounting
marketing are what to communicate and
what formats of content to create what
to communicate comes down your
understanding of a customer's buying
journey from awareness and a
consideration to purchase it may sound
very simple but once you start breaking
down into each stages you need to have a
conversation with your team and also
your subject matter expert and start
having a conversation and try to
understand your buyers journey and then
map the content to different stages
identify the questions that buyers may
ask each stage and a create content to
address those questions for example what
are some questions that buyer may ask
when they research the purchase of a
marketing automation tools the question
can be hey what is marketing automation
what are the top 10 marketing automation
tools out there what do people say about
those tools and what is the pricing of
different tools so you have to have a
list of a question for different stages
list a
the questions that your buyer may ask
address them through content regarding
the format's of the content you need to
do some research and find out what
formats resonates with your buyers for
the same topic of content you may have a
different formats you may have a podcast
format you may have videos you may have
a blog post so you need to think it
through and there's no right or wrong
answers so it's pretty much determined
by your own budget these content pieces
in theory should reside on your website
then you promote the content through
different paid and organic traditional
and social media channels and then drive
the traffic back to your website so
people can view the content in a way you
facilitate that purchase or the research
journey search engine optimization which
is organic search and the search engine
marketing which is a pay search couple
with relevant content can certainly
facilitate buyers purchase journey there
are different mixes of marketing
channels such as email marketing events
sponsorship influence or outreach that
you need to consider when planning how
to reach out to your buyers but b2b
marketing the least you can do the least
you can do to help your buyers during
their research stage is search
optimization and the content marketing
now let's talk about how you can help
your sales team giving that the buyers
to reach out to the potential suppliers
to research your talk about additional
questions they may have
and the best way to help your sales team
is through account based marketing
account based marketing is strategic and
personalized marketing outreach and
engagements with people at targeted
account through close collaborations
between sales and marketing basically as
a marketer you allocate our marketing
budget and align some of your marketing
efforts with your sales account based
outreach marketing complements sales
outreach will increase the probability
to win a deal and I talked about
influitive account based marketing
examples on episode 49 you can check it
out now back to Gardner's status
sticks although p2p buyers spend just
17% of their time meeting with potential
suppliers and the 45% of the time doing
research online and offline as a
marketer especially a b2b marketer you
can make a large impact on that 17% and
the 45 percent if you focus on the right
tactics so if you have any other
marketing questions you know where to
find me and if you like the podcast I
will appreciate a review on iTunes
again keep hustling my friends you got
this
[Music]